-2025.06.28-

selenium method makes setted browsers work too slow.
must import other packages that make it possible to control mouse and keyboard
and LETSETUP must be able to scan monitor and set up browsers and programs (ex. page login)
TO DO THAT, must develop artificial intelligence
its same day night time. I write devlog first time....
i hope this be helpful to my future developer career
alright
i got some KEYS..
first key. python's basic libraries can be super helpful.
LETSETUP needs to be imported "mouse" and "keyboard".
they are super simple and super usable..
second key is the keyword,"VISION AI"
it is do same work as its name.
my target can be finding appropriate usable "vision AI" or....... make one!
while writing down..
the github interface reminds me that COLOR is the best to take your sight to it's place.
that one right upside, the green button on white background is very very eyecatching.
im not professional on designing web page yet.
so i write memo here..
### COLOR IS THE BEST EYECHATING ELEMENT! ###
AI MN/ML API.. is it free?
by chat gpt. it is free for certain duration but eventually it costs money.
okay...
now my target is to make VISION AI thing.

-2025.06.29-
developing AI is not easy
it is not *sub*target but *MAIN*target of this developing programming.
to solve maintarget...
heve to make image recognization algoritm(hereinafter IRA).
okay...
here are IRA properties.
1. IRA can be input images(printScreened monitor images)
2. IRA can identify objects(ex. which one is webbroser and which one is background)
3. IRA can learn(IRA should be judged if it identifies correctly)
4. IRA can serve output(after identification)
the third part gotta be difficult to solve.
i dont know is it possible, but im gonna try making it by python
there'll be three parts.
part 1. image input.
part 2. hidden layers
part 3. outputs
okayyyy... i just made first part of IRA
check IRA#1.PNG 
next job is to complete part of HL2!
while processing IRA whole part,
image input part also should be developed.

-2025.07.02-
perfect mosaiking algoritm will not be made.
instead, I will make an algoritm resembling anti-aliasing effect.
it will divide an image into divisible numbers of pieces
in A piece, It will happen that two pixels placed distantly are selected and filled with average color. 




